intro.md, before:

# Ihre QUADRIGA OER

Diese Vorlage dient der Entwicklung von QUADRIGA OERs. Sie zeigt die Möglichkeiten der Jupyter Book Platform und unsere Empfehlungen, wie sie für die Entwicklung Ihrer OER genutzt werden sollten.

Wenn Sie mehr zu Jupyter Book erfahren wollen, nutzen die [Dokumentation von Juypter Book](https://jupyterbook.org).

## Jupyter Book vs. Jupyter Notebook

Jupyter Book ist ein Programm, das HTML-Dateien (oder PDFs, …) generiert basierend auf Inhalten und einer Struktur, die Sie erstellen.

Jupyter Notebooks sind ausführbare Dokumente, die statische Elemente wie Text (geschrieben in Markdown) und ausführbare Elemente (also Programmcode) in sogenannten Cells (Zellen) verbinden. Der Programmcode kann in mehreren Programmiersprachen verfasst sein und wird in einem sogenannten Kernel ausgeführt. Wenn Sie eine Zelle ausführen, dann wird der Code in der Zelle an den Kernel übertragen, welcher den Code ausführt und dann das Ergebnis zurücksendet. Das Ergebnis wird dann im Dokument direkt unterhalb der Code-Zelle angezeigt. 

Jupyter Book kann Jupyter Notebooks als Dokumenttyp einlesen und verarbeiten. Während die HTML-Seiten gebaut werden wird das Notebook von Jupyter Book ausgeführt, sodass in den HTML-Seiten auch die Ergebnisse des Codes dargestellt werden.

Jupyter Book basiert auf dem Programm [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/), welches für die Generierung von Dokumentationen (hauptsächlich im Bereich der Programmierung) entwickelt wurde.

## Nutzung des Templates

## Inhaltsverzeichnis

```{tableofcontents}
```

# old english parts

## How to use this Template
A Jupyter Book consists of a configuration file (`_config.yml`), a table of contents (`_toc.yml`) and at least one content file in the formats Markdown, MyST or Jupyter Notebook.  Markdown files are always treated as MyST even, if you don't use any of its special features.

To create a new QUADRIGA OER you can fork this repository and make your changes. Or you can simply create a new repository and then copy the files of this repository.

Commit message:

UPDATE: Project structure, ADD: Glossar files, and cross refs

intro.md, after:

# QUADRIGA Glossar

Welcome to the **QUADRIGA Glossar**—an organized collection of key terms and concepts from various domains, presented in alphabetical order. This glossary is designed to help you better understand essential terminology used across different fields, with clear definitions and cross-references for easy navigation.

## Purpose of this Glossary

The QUADRIGA Glossar serves as a central resource to:
- **Define key terms**: Explore terms and concepts from various domains, explained concisely.
- **Provide cross-references**: Many terms are interconnected, and we’ve included links to related topics throughout the glossary to make learning more intuitive.
- **Facilitate understanding**: This glossary is ideal for students, professionals, and anyone looking to understand terminology in specific fields quickly and efficiently.

## How to Navigate the Glossary

The glossary is structured alphabetically. You can explore terms by selecting the appropriate letter in the navigation panel. Each term is listed under the corresponding letter and includes:
- A clear and concise **definition** of the term.
- **References** to related terms where applicable.
- External references and sources where further reading is recommended.

## Literature and References

In addition to the glossary, we have provided a **Literature** section, where you’ll find resources, articles, and academic references that have been used or cited throughout this glossary. This section is especially useful for those who want to delve deeper into the subjects and explore authoritative sources.

## How to Use This Resource

1. **Search by letter**: Browse the glossary by selecting the letter corresponding to the term you’re looking for.
2. **Cross-reference terms**: Many terms are interconnected. Use the provided links within each entry to navigate related concepts.
3. **Explore literature**: The Literature section provides additional reading materials and references for a deeper understanding of the topics.

Whether you’re looking to understand specific technical terms or broaden your knowledge of a domain, this glossary aims to provide clear, reliable, and accessible definitions for your needs.
